# Meeting Minutes 2021-05-11 TSC

## Attendees

- David Brown
- Roman Okhrimenko
- Dominik Ermel
- Michel Jaouen
- Andrzej Puzdrowski
- Fabio Utzig
- Tamas Ban
- Stevan Radaković

## Notes

- Michel gave an introduction to two features at ST they wish to
  contribute.  1. Decrypt in place, 2. Directly execute encrypted
  image (with hardware support).
- Stevan Radaković introduced himself.  He will be working with
  mcuboot as part of OpenHarmony.
- Policy: Part of CII Badge Program says we should have an explicit
  policy about test coverage.  Previously Myself (David Brown) and
  Fabio had discussed the number of features that have come in without
  tests.  Decided: 1. Update policy to indicate simulator support is
  needed for any new features, 2. Gradually work to add sim testing of
  existing added features.
- Roman expressed an interest in other (non-GCC) compilers.  It is
  believed that clang works.  MSVC does not work (for the simulator).
  They will try testing with the other toolchains.  For non-free
  tools, there is some challenge as to how to run them in CI.
- Random IV PR: Fabio has implemented sim testing for this.  There are
  issues with it not working if power is lost.  The feature needs to
  remain optional, as it doesn't actually increase security.
- Large block PR: An update has been pushed.  Some tests still fail
  (having to do with encryption).
- Board has suggested naming this meeting the "Technical Steering
  Committe".  It will now be called the TSC meeting.  No changes,
  otherwise.
- #974: Direct XIP, dual image.  Needs simulator testing, and
  simulator testing needs to be added to regular Direct XIP.  David to
  investigate.
- #982: Needs review
