# Meeting Minutes 2021-06-22 TSC

## Attendees

- David Brown
- Dominik Ermel
- Andrzej Puzdrowski
- Almir Okato

## Notes

- Flash API.  We discussed efforts within Zephyr to change/improve the
  API used for flash device access.  There are some questions as to
  whether several features in that API are needed:
  - Varying sector sizes within a partition.  It is unclear if this
    has been tested.  We know that we need to support different slots
    (partitions) possibly having different sector sizes, since they
    can be on different devices.  But, the ST devices that have
    differing sector sizes seems to always only use areas that have
    the same size.  David mentioned the possibility of trying a test
    in the simulator where the sizes differ.
  - Are `flash_area_open` and `flash_area_close` needed?  On most
    platforms, these don't do anything, although Mbed OS does do an
    allocation of a C++ object on open.  One question is if the
    MCUboot code should be changed to just do an open at the beginning
    and use the opened device throughout.
- Andrzej el al will be presenting on adding MCUboot testing to
  Zephyr's test framework at an upcoming Zephyr meeting.
- Andrzej also mentioned there will be upcoming work on exhancing
  multi-image support for a system where there is an archive partition
  on another CPU.
- David mentioned work on simulator testing for Direct XIP and RAM
  load.  This is working, but he has discovered occasional instances
  of test failures when tests run with multiple CPUs.  This suggests
  there is some global state we have missed.  Fortunately, this likely
  only affects the simulator.
- Briefly discussed interest in SUIT and X.509.  It was suggested that
  X.509 will probably be requested for TLV as well.  David has
  partially finished work on this and should probably finish this.
