March 26, 2021 MCUboot Governance Board Meeting

## Attendees:

- Andy Gross
- David Brown
- Victoria Janicki
- Reed Hinkel
- Andrzej Puzdrowski
- Eric Finco

## Agenda and Notes

-   Introductions

-   Project and Board Infrastructure

    -   The MCUboot project currently has:

        -   a free open source project
            [github](https://github.com/mcu-tools/mcuboot) account
            "mcu-tools" which provides a code repository, basic CI,
            issue tracking, discussions and wiki.

        -   A free groups.io MCUboot lists (general and mcu-board). Can
            be used for up to 100 users

        -   Slack Channel

-   Tracking Security Vulnerabilities

    -   Discussion of options -- Hackerone, Jira, Github; Hackerone can
        link to github

-   TSC

    -   Each project member company is entitled to 1 voting
        representative on the TSC

    -   The TSC may recommend active community member(s) to the board to
        be added as voting members

    -   Fabio Utzig was nominated as a voting TSC member representing
        the community.

    -   TSC meetings are open to anyone who wants to attend.

-   Promotion/Publicity

    -   David Brown will be interviewed in the future on "The Hedge"
        podcast. Broadcast date to be determined.

    -   Board expressed desire to put out press release on the kickoff
        of the project.

    -   Discussion on logo and need to have an approved one for
        publicity

    -   Discussion on whether to trademark "MCUboot"; Trusted Firmware
        project is researching this.

## Decisions

-   Use github for:

    -   Storage of public documents and meeting notes

    -   Public internet face; include membership list

-   Groups.io for:

    -   Private notes and files; send to mcuboot board mailing address.
        Content is archived;

-   Use [Hackerone](https://www.hackerone.com/) for to receive, manage
    and communicate status of reported security vulnerabilities.

-   Board chair will provide video conference information for meetings.

-   Board unanimously approved Fabio Utzig as a voting TSC member.

-   Board unanimously approved VickyJ as Chair

-   Board will meet quarterly and as needed. Next meeting in 1 month

## Actions

-   AndyG to check to see who the administrator(s) of the mcuboot Slack
    channel is.

-   DavidB to see if there is a general contact email address for
    mcu-boot in groups.io; need to general inquiries on membership,
    press and/or security vulnerabilities

-   DavidB to apply for an open source project account at Hackerone.

-   VickyJ to talk to Ebba Simpson on the mechanics of a press release

-   VickyJ to send around the existing logo for review and decide if we
    will change it

-   VickyJ to ask Trusted Firmware project about trademark research

-   VickyJ to schedule a meeting in 1 month.
