December 02, 2022 MCUboot Governance Board Meeting

## Attendees:

- Andy Gross
- Andrzej Puzdrowski
- David Brown
- Eric Finco
- Tamas Ban
- Andrzej Puzdrowski
- Jamie (Nordic)

## Agenda:

- Status
- Financials
- Future

## Topics:

- Status
  - 1.9.0 was March 1, 2022
  - 123 commits since then, mostly fixing things and tracking changS
    in other projects
  - Future work: large block and improve swap, SUIT
  - Do we need more releases?
    - Consensus is to base releases on timing of dependent projects,
      and whether we have features needing to be used.
- Financials
  - Expenses are low, need ideas for expenses.
  - Security analysis services are expensive, and of questionable
    value for the money.
  - Consensus: define some tasks and pay someone to work on them.
    This could be either a contractor, or a contract arrangement with
    a member company.
  - Marking might be useful, but secondary, we already have good
    involvement with the project.
- Future
  - Everyone wants to continue being members, we just need to find the
    right thing to do with the money.
  - We should better document what gets tested for each release, and
    have a checklist so we make sure important targets aren't missed.
  - Possible CI setup running on real hardware.  MCUboot is difficult
    to test this way (Linaro looked at it at one point in LAVA), and
    it is unclear who would own this, and provide support targets.

## Actions:

- David Brown: Investigate how we could "hire" somone
- David Brown: Create a list of tasks for hired person, for board vote
- David Brown: Analyze Zephyr, TF-M, and MyNewt releases to find
  schedule for MCUboot releases.
- David Brown: Document pre-release plan, so we document what has been
  tested in the release, and what has not.
- David Brown: Update the membership list on the website.
